
Computer science student and software developer currently focused on web development, but interested in pretty
much everything that ends up compiled or interpreted.

Currently, I am working as a web developer for Anyline GmbH, where I am mostly commited to development of a cloud
infrastructure used to automatize Machine learning and Computer vision processes.

Colleagues know me as motivated, communicative and a creative developer who likes to help others, and who can be
trusted to come up with a solution. I welcome individual responsibility, and I can work well alone, but I’m at my
best collaborating with others.

Parallel to work I graduated with a Bachelor in Computer Science, and I am studying a Master Degree in Computer
Science.

Contact me, take a look at some of my code or check my resume here:


I have been working professionally as a Web developer for more than three years, and I am particularly experienced
in the development of stable and scalable REST API's. Even though my primary role was that of a backend developer,
I frequently took responsibility in other areas like: Frontend development, Database design, UI/UX design and
deployment processes.

Apart from work I have developed a web applications with Python (Django framework) that is used to create, search
and manage language corporas. It utilizes natural language processing to recognize and categorize words from input
text. It is currently in production and contains 2.900.000 + words.

During my studies, I have taken part in various projects in different areas of computer science like: Computer
Graphics, Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence. Most notably, I was a team leader on a student attendance
system which was developed as an internal faculty project.

When it comes to my side projects, I generally choose technologies with which I haven’t had a lot of experience to
that point. I enjoy 'Learning-by-doing' and picking up a new framework is not a problem for me.


axios retry policy
react query
rest supercharger
design patterns in typescirpt
managing hierarchical data in sql